[' Hello, this is to test my project for NLP on meeting summarizer. I hope this works well and I am just talking a lot to bring in more words so I get to see the output more better. Thank you.']
[' In this project, our goal is to use NLP to create a smart chatbot that can answer questions and the chatbot will use advanced NLP methods to understand what users ask find the right information and give accurate answers quickly.']
['what is text summarization? different from other natural language processing task, text summarization requires fully understanding text semantic information which is consistent with key points of human summarization and aims to compress documents into shorter text that summarize the essential information of the source text']
[' Abstractive Tech Summerization Models based on semantic meaning often utilized advanced NLP techniques and deep learning architectures. One popular architecture for the stats is the transformer model, particularly variance like bird and GPT. Below is an example called using hugging face transformers, library to perform abstractive tech summarization with bar model which specifically designed for']
[' I am going through some things with my feelings and myself. My Bali is deep and I do not think but think about how I am good and how I should be here. I have tried and never attempted for committing any pad things, bad decisions and I wanted to fix all my issues by myself but I never get it around of it.']
[' Abstractive summarization involves generating a summary that contains a new faces, sentences or word not present in the source document. It aims to produce a conscious representation of original text in the mode human like manor. Unlike the extractive method, the abstractive summarization involves understanding the meaning of text and paraphrasing it creates a summary. Abstractive method often uses a natural language processing, techniques such as machine, machine translation, text, generation and cinematic analysis to further']
[' How about dealing with abstractive methods? So, the abstractive text demonstration methods comes with example like sequence sequence models or transformer based models. These models often based on neural networks, they take the input text and generated summary in a sequence sequence manner, they have an encoder and decoder architecture where the encoder process the input text and decoder generates the summary.']
[" What is transformer based models? These architectures like transformer architectures such as bidirectional encoder representation from transformer's birth or generative pre-trained models, how shown remarkable performance and abstract or summarization paths. These models can generate coherent and contextually relevant summaries by leveraging large pre-trained language models."]
[" Roces are flowers that grow on bushes with short thrones or prickles, let's protect the plant. They have glossy green leaves with two-third edges and coming mini colors in sizes. Roces can be shops, climbers or mini-chapart plants. They are native to China but are non-grown all over the world. Roces are in season from its spring to autumn and the plant goes dormant in the winter. During summer water should be given inside the rose plant every day."]
[' What is this?']
[' here i am going to give a comparison between spacy and the approach using transformers, first we will see spacy approach, spacy approach is relatively lightweight compared to transformers, and it is optimized for speed and its models are generally faster to process the text compared to transformers and it provides wide range of linguistic features out of the box including POS tagging, dependancy parsing, name entity recongnition and more which can be useful for NLP tasks beyond question answering. some of the limitations are there like the context is determined based on individual sentences containing the question key words, this approach maynot capture broader context or relationship between the entities in the text leading to the potentialess accurate answers especially for complex questions.']